Add information about PodLifecycleSleepAction (KEP3960) (#43428)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/concepts/containers/container-lifecycle-hooks.md

* Exec - Executes a specific command, such as `pre-stop.sh`, inside the cgroups and namespaces of the Container.
Resources consumed by the command are counted against the Container.
* HTTP - Executes an HTTP request against a specific endpoint on the Container.

> * Sleep - Executes a sleep command to pause a container for a specified duration. (Note: "Sleep" is available when the feature-gate PodLifecycleSleepAction is enabled)

Reviewer: Wrap the long line, pls.
```suggestion
* Sleep - Executes a sleep command to pause a container for a specified duration.
  The "Sleep" action is available when the [feature gate](/docs/reference/command-line-tool-reference/feagure-gates/)
  `PodLifecycleSleepAction` is enabled.
```

* Exec - Executes a specific command, such as `pre-stop.sh`, inside the cgroups and namespaces of the Container.
Resources consumed by the command are counted against the Container.
* HTTP - Executes an HTTP request against a specific endpoint on the Container.

> * Sleep - Executes a sleep command to pause a container for a specified duration. 

Reviewer 2: Can we avoid "executes" which implies that `sleep` needs to be a binary in the image?

How about "Sleep - Pauses for a specified duration."

Author: Updated to `Sleep - Pauses the container for a specified duration. `
